# Operating Systems Process Management Project 4
This is the fourth and final Process Management Project from my Operating Systems class where we add threads and memory defragmentaion. Also, the DiskScheduler class from the previous project has been removed. Threads are added by having the PCB class implement the Runnable interface. This comes with an overridden run() method which starts a thread that terminates after the method ends. The run() method simulates running a thread by using the Thread.sleep() method then removes the PCB from QWaiting and adds it to QReady. The QReady and QWaiting variables from both the ProcessMgmt class and the PCB class have been changed to LinkedBlockingQueues because LinkedLists are not syncronized for when they are structurally altered by running threads. Defragging memory is done by sorting the list, using a newly added shakerSorter() method that sorts by comparing the memBase variables, then reassigns the memBase values to match their new order. Defragging occurs in the ProcessMgmt class.

The output for this project is not super well documented for how complex the project has become so it may be best to trace the code if there is any confusion with understanding it. Even though there are no changes to the MemoryManager class, there are still two classes with output so I have included two sample output text files named MemMngrSampleOutput.txt and PrcMgmtSampleOutput.txt. The Java files are located under Project4/src/project4 folder.

I completed this assignment using Eclipse and have exported the project as an Eclipse archive zip file. To run the project yourself, simply import the archive named Project4.zip into your workspace using Eclipse.